[Music]
very good my dearest lovers of the
heart I hope you're still alive after
last night that I already warned you that there
were many to the ceo and it was
spectacular the director was already
spectacular thank you very much to everyone
for the support thank you very much to everyone
who has returned and you know
realized that everything I said was real
okay if there is someone who hasn't seen the
live I recommend that you watch it even
little by little I know it's six hours
but everything that
we discovered in last night's live is very important
also I will surely make a video in
these days at the moment that I can
because I have a couple of things I have a lot of
work the truth is that we have London
I want to record another video about Johnny
Depp anyway but in these days I will record
another video for the main channel to
go give everything perfect and put everything in
click to whoever hasn't understood it
okay but come on now whoever wants to see it
black or white because they want to I
recommend that you watch the entire live and
well today is Antonio's birthday David's
birthday and we still have
new images of Antonio well Malaga after
having been reconciling with Marta
Riesgo and yesterday she uploaded her little photo
on Instagram of look look it's that
I have a boyfriend that I have a boyfriend that I'm
with Anthony Davis
well we have some images of Antonio
Abilita with his entire family including his
mother and an Olga Moreno arm in arm with her
mother in law image that has happened a lot of
people I really don't see anything out of this
world because when a marriage
separates if they separate well they want to
continue having a good relationship
if she loves the one who has been her
mother in law for 20-25 years because she is not going to
continue having a good relationship with
her and when they coincide at events walking arm
in arm is something totally logical
normal to me the only thing and without getting into what
each one does inside their house and
with their family the only thing that doesn't seem right to me
at least it
's not the most usual thing is that a married couple that is
already separated continues sleeping together in the
same house
for ten days and ten days not ten
days I go with my new new girlfriend to
Madrid and then I come back and sleep with my
wife it's that I don't know it's a little it's not the
most  usual okay I don't want to
get into disqualifying of course okay
respect for what each person does with
their life as long as they don't harm
others but it's not the most it's not the most
common let's not call it that it's not the
most common not the most normal well it
would be for him to go to Malaga of course he does
n't have to be with his children but
he will rent an apartment and I don't
know I don't know the truth no no I don't have a
clue each one takes their house as they can let
's react to a few words each
abandoned vid for the press because today is going to
be the only video that I upload
here because as I told you I have a lot
of work on the other channels so
let's relate these words that I
think are quite
good explanations the truth is that I like the truth
and
nothing else I wanted to thank you for your congratulations
the truth is that we see an Antonio
Davis super friendly with the press super
nice he is never rude with the press
every thing must be recognized he never
treats the media in a bad way not at
all too much too well the
truth is not that he is unpleasant never
with the press it happens that the majority of
occasions because  lately because he's not here he's
not responding and all but very
nice always with the press
stations for my birthday you know I have
n't spoken to you in a long
time but well today as it's my
birthday it's a special day to
thank you again and clear the
two little things up okay for many
months now it
seems that there has been confusion or the
intention to confuse people I've
been saying that
regardless of our separation
and we are going to continue being a family
today as it's my birthday I'm going out to
eat with my children and with Olga and with my
mother okay because we are still a
family regardless of what
people want to make out in the media and so
on because it seems that there ca
n't be a separation and that
within that separation for the family
people get along it seems to be
I think that yes it's completely normal
for people to get along in fact it
should be ideal you know my personal
personal opinion really I don't want to
get involved in what he does with his life and
how he handles his things and so on but man we
think no it's not the most normal thing to
continue sleeping with your wife having
another girlfriend is not fair it's the only thing so
I see the relationship thing great you
know  that they go out to eat together for their
complete to the great be divine hopefully
all marriages will get divorced so they
have to get along badly or what is
insisted from the media that
people get along badly we do not get along
badly there is a wonderful relationship always for
many months well that on the one
hand I want to be clear and with
respect
to my relationship with Marta I am very happy
we are very happy and we want everything to
be well and in order that I think it is not
complicated to remake the life of a
person with another to be well to be happy
in one place and to be happy in others
and nothing here confirms to us that he is happy
with Marta or rather we can assume
that what happened yesterday on Instagram was
a confirmation that the couple was getting back together they have
reconciled we do not
have more information at the moment
about those covers that said that
Marta was going to say the greatest or
anything about Antonio Lavn but
well for now this is what we have
we will see how this transcends
because the truth is that right now I am not
able to come up with any theories regarding
this okay I think that maybe also
the way of managing it  Marta has been
able to assume these days of anger I
surely
hope that in private Marta has asked for
forgiveness and has apologized and has
solved things because the truth is
that she has spoken badly of Olga on some
occasions and has thrown the barb and that is why it would
not be very compatible for Antonio to
have a good relationship with both of them
and also with Olga and him I see
that Antonio vila Antonia's women bid
base Olga always I see that base
that Olga is going to be his wife always and that
what with Marta has been well it was a slip I do
not know really no I do not want to give you
either a theory that I am not clear about
okay but I see Antonio a vis
with Olga and what with Marta I do not see it I see
Cantona alive she is with Olga that what with
Marta is something that has happened that is being
prolonged for h or for b but that
Antonio a vidrio I think that his wife is
Olga it was going to be hello okay family that
ends today's video I think it will be
the last the last and only video  I
recommend that you all watch
the entire live stream from yesterday when you have time, which is six hours long,
but you can't miss any details. I'll
make a more detailed video on the
main channel if something powerful comes up, I'll
make another video and we'll talk later, okay? A
big hug.
[Music]